First step in problem solving is
Define

Technology transfer processes includes
All of above

Which of the following systems deals with planning for, development, management, and use of information technology tools for management?
Management Information Systems

The range of technologies typically represented in a firm's value chain can be broken down into four divisions. In which division does training technology, motivation research, and information systems technology come into play?
HRM

Which of the following is not part of technology marketing process?
Evaluation

Which technology choice allows a firm to secure a competitive advantage by using customer functionality already in place?
Altering the rules of rivalry in existing competitive domains

The word management is defined as
all of above

What are characteristics of a programmed decision?
Routine and non-complex

Which of the following is not a type of decision?
none of above

Which type of worker knows how and when to apply technology?
technology-literate knowledge worker

In which of the following, a person is constantly followed/chased by another person or group of several peoples?
Stalking

The firm issuing bonds operating sinking fund and repurchases bonds either:
All of above

 What does the technological environment consist of?
 Creation of new knowledge and application of that knowledge
 
 The components of technology management framework include
 all of above
 
 The general transformation cycle for information is:
 data to information knowledge
Which of the following is not a step of problem solving?
integration

What is the main task of a problem-solving agent?
all of above

Which of the following is collective information about customers, competitors, business partners, competitive environments, and internal operations?
Business Intelligence

Which of the following knowledge can be articulated, codified, and stored in certain media?
Explicit kNOWLEDGE

Firms that are not positioned to develop specific technologies would turn to which of the following to help them develop those specific technologies?
technology integration

In developing a Technology Portfolio of an Organization, which of the following is not included
Equipment

All external factors which have effect of business performance is called
business environment

The first stage in the problem-solving process is called the ______________ stage. During this stage, potential problems or opportunities are identified and defined.
Monitoring

The possibility of reduction of risk through the construction of a portfolio depends on the value of ________ between the two assets.
Correlation coefficient

Technology selection sub processes include all of the following except
Feasibility analysis

The extent to which technology permeates an area or department is called
Technology infusion

Which of the following usually observe each activity on the internet of the victim, gather all information in the background, and send it to someone else?
Spyware

The general transformation cycle for information is:
data to information to knowledge

Fundamental challenge of knowledge transfer in multinational firms is
Transferring tacit and explicit knowledge across borders.

 Acquisition evaluation involves
 all of above
 
A technology manager works at -------- level of hierarchical structure of organization
Top management level

 We can compare the price earnings ratio of a market to its historical average to make judgement about, whether market is
both a and b

The problems which has no apparent solution is called
dilemma

 Concept of management focuses on which of the following elements
 both a and c
 
 Portfolio Management includes management of which of the following
 investment plan
 
 
